But this....
Initiating docking procedures.
Roger.
Elevating from six to nine
on the Torino Scale.
CITY A – HERO ASSOCIATION HQ
The course suddenly shifted?
I see.
Then we will discuss how best
to deal with the situation.
Should I go now?
All right.
Master...
...for some reason the Hero Association
wants me to come in. I will be back later.
Okay. Maybe you're getting fired.
THE ULTIMATE DISCIPLE
CITY Z HERO ASSOCIATION BUILDING
You would be Genos?
My name is Bang. Nice to meet you.
Bang, Class S, Rank 3,
a.k.a. Silver Fang.
He possesses true skill.
The association called me in.
Everyone's at headquarters.
This little branch office is empty now.
Each of the Class-S heroes
got the call to come here...
...but we're the only ones
who showed up.
Why is that?
Too far away, or perhaps they're busy.
Of course, some of the more
cold-blooded ones simply don't bother.
After all, we're called up only...
...when there's some impossible problem
they want us to take care of.
Today's no exception.
The threat level is Dragon,
a worst-case scenario.
Thirty-five minutes from now,
a huge meteor will strike City Z.
They are asking if nearby Class S heroes
can do anything about it.
A meteor?
Apparently, it suddenly changed paths.
That means the end for us.
The impact will wipe out City Z.
I'm afraid there's nothing
we can do this time.
You too should think about evacuating
with your loved ones.
Do the citizens know?
I was told they would estimate
the impact area...
...and issue evacuation orders
30 minutes before it hits.
Attention! This is an announcement
from the Hero Association.
People are sure to panic.
-And you, old fellow?
-"Old fellow," is it?
Call me Bang.
You are not evacuating?
My dojo has been in my family
for generations.
I cannot abandon it.
Fist of Flowing Water Crushing Rock.
Heard of it?
He left.
Emergency evacuation warning.
The threat level is Dragon.
Evacuate immediately.
Twenty-one more minutes
until meteor impact.
It's huge.
No way we can escape that.
So many people have given up
hope of survival.
It is not just City Z that is in danger.
Neighboring cities will
sustain damage too.
It is too late to evacuate.
I did not expect to be testing
this prototype so soon!
Let's see if an attack
from my incineration cannon...
...at full power will do the trick.
Master Saitama lives here too.
I cannot possibly evacuate without him.
Is that--?
You are Bofoi, correct?
And you are the new boy, Genos.
-Come to stop the meteor?
-Yes.
Class S, Rank 7.
A hero who uses intense firepower...
...to obliterate his opponents,
along with everything in their vicinity.
Does he also live in City Z?
Or did he rush here,
putting his life at risk?
Bofoi, I need your help.
I refuse.
Why?
I only came to field-test
my new weapon.
The meteor is a perfect target.
A test?
If that meteor hits, you too will die.
-I will not.
-What?
What you are talking to right now
is a remotely-controlled drone.
Sorry to disappoint you,
but my life's not at stake here.
Also, I am not Bofoi. I am Metal Knight.
Heroes call each other
by their hero names, not real names.
Everyone knows that.
Looks like it's time to end our little chat.
All right.
Firing missiles!
Metal Knight?
I cannot fire with his missiles in the way.
Amazing. Such destructive power.
This hero is dangerous. I must be wary.
Not quite potent enough, eh?
Thirty-three seconds left until impact.
To fire my incineration cannon
at full power...
...I need five seconds to charge it
with my body's energy.
But the target is already close.
And if I do take it out, what then?
The meteor may break apart
and still cause a disaster.
But even before that, will my weapons
be powerful enough to stop it?
Even Metal Knight's countless missiles
had no effect.
First off, be calm.
I see you've lost composure.
You are far too young
to be worried about failure.
When your back's up against the wall,
just muddle through.
The outcome won't change,
so that's what is best.
Muddling through is best?
He's right.
If the outcome won't change...
...then I how can I die
without giving it my all?
Bang, get down!
I will no longer think about
failure or repercussions.
I will just pour everything I have
into one last shot!
Damn it, it's not working.
No. I think I see the meteor
being pushed back.
Really?
-Oh, no, it was just my imagination.
-You old fool!
So this will be my grave.
Nine more seconds.
Get out of here, Bang.
Old man, take care of Genos.
Who--? Who are you?
I'm a hero.
Master?
You're not...
...gonna fall...
...on my town!
He shattered it!
Unbelievable! But....
It's collapsing.
It's not just this building.
The destruction is spreading
through the whole city.
Guess that settles that.
THREE DAYS LATER
Although City Z was able
to avoid total destruction...
...the city was still devastated...
...with the effects of the meteor fragments
visible everywhere.
If only the Hero Association had called you
to help instead of me, master.
If you had worked with Metal Knight,
the damage could have been minimized.
But that Metal Knight guy
wasn't interested in helping, right?
So stop worrying about it.
I think we kept the damage
to a minimum.
After all, no one died.
He is right.
Master's punch killed
the meteor's momentum.
Theoretically,
the shock waves from the meteor...
...would have annihilated everything.
Stopping it was nothing short
of a miracle.
I would not be surprised if people talk
about master for years to come...
...praising him as a man of courage.
But master has no idea.
Some of the public is even making him out
to be the bad guy...
...for causing the partial destruction
of City Z.
No, I should not mention it.
By the way,
do you think we moved up in ranking?
Yes, we did.
I went from Class S Rank 17 to 16.
Metal Knight also moved up
from Rank 7 to 6.
Master, you shot up
from Class C Rank 342 to 5.
Number 5?
From 342 to 5? What the hell?
That's crazy!
Not at all. Your performance was worthy
of Class A or even Class S.
After all, it was threat level Dragon.
-Yeah?
-If there had been no damage...
...I am sure you would be
at Class S Rank 5.
Smashing the meteor alone
was worthy of Class A.
But I think the Hero Association assumed
that Metal Knight and I played a big role.
By the way,
they always report threat levels...
...as Demon or Tiger or whatever.
Does all that mean anything?
It does.
Tiger: A crisis threatening
massive loss of life.
Demon: A crisis threatening to halt
the functioning of an entire city...
...or its destruction.
Dragon: A crisis threatening
the destruction of multiple cities.
God: A crisis threatening
human extinction.
GUIDE TO THREAT LEVELS
Wow, I had no idea.
I believe heroes often consider
threat levels...
...when deciding
whether to respond or not.
But I guess they do not matter to you.
Well, of course not.
If the heroes run away,
who's left to help?
What are you doing?
I must record your words.
Anyway, it wasn't all that much
for such a huge jump in rank.
All right.
I'll be out for a bit.
You are going out, master?
I will come with you.
You stay here. If something happens,
you'll get all the credit again.
This place has been wrecked.
My favorite supermarket got smashed.
And the crappy apartment building
I got kicked out of is...
...just fine. Damn.
Hey.
You cheating bastard.
Who are you?
You know damn well. I'm Tanktop Tiger.
Brother!
-It's that guy!
-Seriously, who is this guy?
You called me, little bro?
Brother!
The hero Tanktop Black Hole is here!
So you're the fraud who takes credit
for work done by Class S heroes...
...in order to jump the rankings?
What the--?
No one could move up to number five
so quickly without cheating.
What do you guys want?
Isn't that obvious?
To beat you up so bad
you'll never be able to--
Hang on, little bro.
Bastards like him don't learn
from that kind of lesson.
Let's make him really pay
with the most brutal method there is.
Are you the one?!
The jerk-off responsible
for destroying this city?!
I get it.
There are tons of people in this city
who are angry with him.
Unbelievable!
How can you show your face?!
I see what he's doing.
He's going to use their anger...
Do you feel nothing
at the sight of this devastation?!
...to break his spirit.
You're gloating, thinking you've actually
saved these people!
Why else would you be walking around
so shamelessly?
Thanks to your screw-up,
these citizens have nowhere to go!
If you were gonna fail this hard,
why'd you butt in?
The other heroes would have
done a way better job!
And yet you still wanna play hero,
even after causing such a huge disaster?
Look at this place!
All this destruction is your doing!
That's right.
It-- It's your fault!
They took the bait.
You hear that?
The heart-wrenching cry
of someone who lost his home!
Look at them all,
victims of your thoughtless actions!
-That's right!
-Yeah, you tell him!
Haven't you even thought
to take responsibility?
-Yeah!
-You're inhuman!
Give up being a hero!
Give it up! Give it up! Give it up!
-Give it up! Give it up!
-Give it up!
Give it up! Give it up! Give it up!
-Go on, get out of here!
-Get lost!
-Beat it!
-Scram!
Give it up! Give it up! Give it up!
We got him.
His pride should be shattered by now.
That's what he gets for cheating.
That idiot.
CITY Z FORUM
IS IT TRUE A CLASS-C HERO
DESTROYED THE TOWN?
Give it up! Give it up! Give it up!
Give it up! Give it up!
Is this what you call mob mentality?
They're all chanting in unison.
Give it up! Give it up! Give it up!
Saitama, without a doubt,
you saved this city.
Yet look how the city treats you.
This is reality, though.
You're strong,
the strongest man I've ever seen.
That's why I refrain
from saying anything.
I'd hate to see you rotting away
in this industry.
Resigning is also an option.
Time to finish him off!
Hey! He's getting ready to fight!
-What are you talking--?
-No way!
You're gonna take out your frustration
on these people here...
...just like you destroyed their city?
Do you just kill everyone you don't like?
I won't let you do that!
We, the Tanktop Brothers, will not
stand by and let you resort to violence!
If you're a hero,
then fight us fair and square.
So they're out to crush a rookie...
...and perform a publicity stunt
at the same time.
I'd say they've gotten a little greedy.
No wonder they can't rise
above Class B.
-Yeah!
-Go, Tanktop!
Do it!
Tanktop Tiger,
who fights like a true tiger, and....
Tanktop Black Hole, who crushes all
with a grip strength of 2,800 psi!
We brothers will punish all who stray
from the path of the hero!
Damn it!
I'll rip you apart!
I give up! I give up!
You're crushing my hand!
You're kidding, right?
I give up for real! I'm sorry!
I'm sorry for lying!
No, you weren't lying.
I'm the one who smashed the meteor!
Anyone with a complaint, let's hear it.
Speak up!
Because of you, my brand-new car was--
You can shut up!
Why would I give a crap
about your problems?
Tell it to the meteor, jackass!
Listen up!
I don't do this hero thing for admiration!
I do it because I want to!
So if you wanna blame me, go ahead,
you baldies!
You're the baldy.
What'd you say?!
Master.
Oh, it's you, Genos.
-Hang on. These guys--
-Let's go home...
...master.
Yeah?
Damn it, that guy's face
is burned into my brain.
I'm gonna remember this.
Master.
I have never met any person
as incredible as you, Master Saitama.
What brought that on?
You're creeping me out.
Even if the public
doesn't appreciate you...
...I will still follow you.
You don't have to butter me up. Really.
I heard there's some amazing hero
in Class C right now.
Class C?
The guy who says
he smashed the meteor, right?
That's just a rumor.
Going after weak guys,
then calling yourself a hero?
Just shows that there's no hero
you can really count on.
NEXT EPISODE:
THE DEEP SEA KING
My name is Bofoi.
You all may know me better
as Metal Knight.
Next time on One-Punch Man:
Episode 8, "The Deep Sea King."
Oh, the king of the sea, eh?
Pretty cocky.
Wonder what he's like.